Documentation for Teams (#8)
avantifellows/plio-docs: docs/plio-for-teams/README.md

# Plio for Teams

Plio has been built to support teams. We provide a separate workspace for teams to collaborate with each other effectively. Look at the video below for an overview:

<iframe width="100%" height="300" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tH_YvHCeQdU?list=PL3U0Jqw-piJgw2hSpuAZym4K1_Tb0RTRV" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

We provide the following support for organizations:

> -  an organizational workspace which has all the plios created by its members within that workspace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  An organizational workspace to house all the plios created by the organization members.
```

> -  members of a workspace can view/edit/analyse the plios created by other members

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Members of a workspace can view/edit/analyse the plios created by other members.
```

> -  [integration with BigQuery](#data-analysis-using-bigquery) to enable you to build custom dashboards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  [Integration with BigQuery](#data-analysis-using-bigquery) enables you to build custom dashboards.
```

> -  [custom authentication](#custom-authentication) in case you want your viewers to bypass Plio's authentication layer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  [Custom authentication](#custom-authentication) in case you want your viewers to bypass Plio's authentication layer.
```
